sometimes
hello I 'm leaving today I 'm coming to bring you a
video tutorial on how to install the
famous for this other google call of duty
in this case it will be carlos 34 modern
warfare 1
well the torrent I 'll leave it a
description a very good game very
recommended ok we start with the video
the roses of the description and we
we unload the car the torrent of the call
of duty 1 once done once
downloaded will be needed by a program
called torrent that is also the
I will leave in the description
ok let's start with the video to start it
to download work double click and we were
will open only in the torrent as they give to me
I am already released if you can
opportunity I will show you how
download this call of duty very good
once the
download the hard download
little heavy weighed four pounds 3
gigas I do not remember
once downloaded we go where
we download in my team case
documents the canon 74 we will do the
folder that is and will leave us an iso
I recommend using to be able to mount the
picture was needed we tried call
in multiple or ultra ignored that I'll use
I will leave ultraism in the
good description once downloaded I
I have having the isola wet right
extracted and assembled in unit
and another behind that you can be
now and once this is done we are going to
my team good a very important thing
before starting the installation but
have to see if they meet the
requirements for that we're going to
Start of interest in the team and
properties
and who will be in my case my
computer is very good
and to be able to know the memory of their
graphics for processing in the massacre
It is made on the desk of
screen resolution and configuration
advanced memory may be
graphics and in mine is very good
but once mounted images
the leagues
Once it has already bid, it mounts the image
has marked him right and in opening here
brings the crack in extras will leave
adobe reader not feeling well and the
direct x good we make a situation
let's open the file is tube
he 's going to kill him only as administrator
ok lower the volume in case it sounds a lot
although you should get this out by getting ready
for the installation
what do we expect
We hope this installation should take
much
since the mature file
like two days since my intern
it's still slow
I'm not sure about that lens
the installation because I'm recording with
sing with you since I put the video
so it makes me so long
good friends once opened this as
sure since leaving this welcome
extraction program when you 49
please we leave now next in
our part will tell you that
they need a key to a loved product
first the start button is the side of
control a corner in the corner of
keyboard and we will follow where
I was in a team and the units
and we will not go to crack as we attract or
read me of this is to bring well one is the
the institutions install a new
case a woman this serial or so that
it becomes so difficult for us to close this and
we are going here not to generate
serial of everything in cereals good
I can do the plan I can not
place the serial in the weekly the
video
good friends a beautiful cup of cereal what
competed that is what fashion denotes
following
everything with him if he comes out this we ignore
to upset as we are the terms of the
license agreement and here they read this what
I will moor next
to approach it I do not think the salt and
here will come the triquis landmarks of
software if they want to know
in my case I fulfill the same
Requirements
as you can see
in your memory everything is a state of your own
let's go to the next one we talk about
it the most recommended you should do the
typical installation of what is typical
next and if not start installing
pause the video but do not be wrong
lengthen so much
and good friends here is supposed to
will say this completes the installation and that
and you get to ask what you want
create a desktop shortcut
of windows join yes
and will push to finalize star that is
the establishment of the dt here if not the
they have they are not really not
but say no
forgiveness or yes
and from the terminal will be with yours
from that portfolio carlos de amigos now
well the next step that would be create it
as they see it is there are two ways
multiplayer
then the individual player and motive
for a multiplayer room you should
have an original key since nothing
can with shoulder to market right to
individual player and open location
gració celebrates direct and we are not going to
the cd unit and a la carte to new
team
units and the reader made open to
crack and they will have that crazy file what
we occupy
copy and that nothing location the fashion to
paste we go to the cope to replace
continue
t
once this will have a game
cracker ready to play as you see
here the instructions says that for
play online you need though
original so it does not taste well
because the first is that you installed a
but then this friends up another video
first tutorial all your luck like
for more video programs